DuckDNS Use host network (#3442)
home-assistant/addons: duckdns/DOCS.md

### Option: `ipv6` (optional)

By default, Duck DNS will auto detect your IPv6 address and use that.

> This option allows you to specify an interface name from which the IPv6 address should be retrieved.
> You can also override the auto-detection and specify an
> IPv6 address manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to specify an interface name from which the IPv6
address should be retrieved. Use `default` to choose the primary network
interface automatically.

If you set this option to an IPv6 address, this static address will be used
instead.
```
